h1. oui_player_preview

h2. Introduction

This plugin add a player preview under the oui_player v2+ related article field.

h3. Plugin requirements

oui_player's minimum requirements:

* "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com/ 4.6+;
* "oui_player":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_player v2+;
* "oui_provider":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_provider v1+;
* Any provider related extension.

h2. Plugin management

h3. Installation

Follow the below instructions before or after installing the wanted oui_player extensions:

# "Download":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_player/releases the compiled plugin file or the source to compile a customized file.
# Paste the content of the compiled plugin file under the _Admin > Plugins_ and click the _Upload_ button.
# Confirm the plugin install by clicking the _Install_ button on the plugin preview page.
# Enable the plugin.

h3. Update

Follow the install instructions.

h3. Uninstall

# Check the box on the left of the plugin row under the _Admin > Plugins_.
# open the select list at the bottom of the plugins table and choose _Delete_.
# confirm the plugin deletion.

h2. Credits

h3. Author

"Nicolas Morand":https://twitter.com/NicolasGraph
_Thank you to the Textpattern community and the core team._

h3. License

This plugin is distributed under "GPL v2.0":https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.

oui_provider version 1.0.0-DEV, Copyright (C) 2018 Nicolas Morand
This Textpattern plugin comes with ABSOLUTELY "NO WARRANTY":https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html#section11.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it "under certain conditions":https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html#SEC3.

h3. Changelog

* *oui_player_preview v1.0.0-DEV* (2018-08-20)
